[Enhancement] Make BE startup less dependent on jvm (#27146)
StarRocks/starrocks: be/src/tools/CMakeLists.txt

add_library(Tools STATIC
    meta_tool.cpp
)

# libmockjvm will be build as shared lib. we use it to mock a libjvm.so to 

> # make sure be could start without JAVA_HOME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# make sure BE can start without real java runtime
```
